##Two magical ways to turn your spare time into crypto

## 利用空闲时间赚币的两种神奇方法

When most people think about earning money in crypto, they think of two common activities: investing and mining. Both can be costly and time consuming endeavours. But growing your cryptocurrency stash doesn’t have to be either of these things.

当大多数人想到在加密货币市场赚钱的时候，他们总是想到两种常见的方法：投资和挖矿。这两种方法都非常昂贵和耗时。但是想增加你手中的加密货币其实还有其他办法。

There are several less explored pathways to crypto-gains. In this article we’ll cover:

    1. How your coins can work for you with Proof of Stake

    2. How applications in this ecosystem can help you earn money

有几种不太被人熟知的赚币方法，这篇文章中我们将说说下面两种：
> 1. 如何通过权益证明让你手中的币为你工作。
> 2. 如何利用加密货币生态app帮你赚钱。

Let’s get started.
Getting started with Proof-of-Stake

我们先从权益证明说起。

Proof of stake is an alternative to cryptocurrency mining that doesn’t require hardware or crazy amounts of electricity. Instead investors who hold coins are gradually rewarded with more coins.

权益证明是加密货币挖矿的一种替代方法，你不需要购买硬件也不需要消耗大量的电力。只要投资者持有手中的币，就会获得加密货币奖励。

Think of it like interest in a bank account, but with cryptocurrency. All you need to get started is a proof-of-stake cryptocurrency and a computer

想象一下，你就像将钱存在银行账户里，但这里是加密货币，你只需要购买一种权益证明加密货币和一台电脑就行了。

Major coins like NEO, LISK, and Stellar Lumens are built on proof of stake models. And other major coins like Ethereum have announced their intention to adopt it.
How can I use PoS to start making money?

主要的权益证明货币像NEO,LISK和Steller Lumens都是基于权益证明模型的。其他主流货币像以太坊也宣布将采取权益证明的发行方式。那怎么通过权益证明来赚钱呢？

You can use PoS today with nothing more than your laptop and a stable internet connection. Although, you’re going to have to let it run 24/7 so you might want to use an old laptop.

要利用权益证明赚钱，你只需要一台笔记本电脑和稳定的因特网连接。然而，你需要让你的电脑7*24小时开机，所以你可能想要使用一台旧电脑。

AlphaCrypto actually does a good job explaining a bit about PoS and how to install a stakeable wallet on your computer.
Alpha Crypto explanation on how to start Proof-of-Stake

Alpha币事实上很好的解释了权益证明机制以及如何安装权益证明钱包到你的计算机上，然后开始赚币。

If you don’t have a spare laptop, you can also set it up on a Raspberry Pi in around 15 minutes. You can check out an explainer video here.

如果你没有空余的笔记本电脑，你只需要花15分钟就可以将这个软件安装在树莓派上。这里有一个安装教程。

[https://youtu.be/Hz8xpmsjqRg](https://youtu.be/Hz8xpmsjqRg)

Once it’s all set up, you’re free to leave it be. After your coins mature they’ll begin to gather you interest.

一旦安装好了，你就不用管了，过一段时间你就可以获取收益。

Surprisingly, it’s as easy as that! What coins you choose and how many you purchase will determine the potential dividends you’ll earn from them.
What returns could I expect to see?

很令人惊讶不是吗？就是这么简单。选择什么币种以及购买币的多少，决定你潜在的分红收益。那么我应该期待怎么样的回报呢？

Every PoS coin pays a different rate — so it’s up to you to choose the most profitable.

每一个权益证明币种都不同的回报率，选择哪一个币种收益最高取决于你的选择。

There are plenty of sites you can compare these coins on, but currently some of the most profitable and popular ones are NEO, Reddcoin and LISK.

有很多网站你可以对比这些币的收益率，目前收益率最高并且最流行的包括NEO, Redcoin和LISK。

NEO pays dividends in GAS. The amount of GAS you get is a percentage of the amount of NEO you stake

NEO支付GAS作为分红，你获得的GAS的多少是你拥有的NEO的一定百分比。

At the time of writing of this article, if you held 100 NEO in a staking wallet you could expect to see about a 2.4–4.5% annual rate of return in GAS. You can then exchange this GAS for BTC or fiat.

在写这篇文章时，如果你拥有100个NEO在你的钱包里，你能获得2.4%-4.5%的年化GAS回报率。然后你可以把GAS换成比特币或者法币。

Some other coins like OKcash and Hawala.today boast returns of upto 15% — much more than a bank would pay you.
Not interested in Proof of Stake? Dive into the cryptocurrency app ecosystem.

其他一些币像OKcash和Hawala，夸口年化回报率高达15%，远高于银行存款利率。
如果你对权益证明赚币不感兴趣，你可以看看下面所讲的利用加密货币app生态赚币。

We do everything on our mobile phones these days. Technology keeps finding new and innovative ways to use that chunk of glass in your pocket — now it’s crypto’s turn.

如今我们在手机上做所有事情。技术公司一直在寻找新的和创新性的方式来利用你口袋里的手机。现在轮到加密货币了。

Crypto apps have sprouted up left, right and center since 2017 and many of them are focussed on rewarding people for using them.
Earn.com IOS App
Earn.com

加密货币app从2017年开始全面生长，其中许多app都专注于奖励使用它们的用户。

Earn.com claims to be the first token-based social platform. Like most social platforms, you get a feed — although, instead of memes and funny cat videos this is a feed filled with tasks. The tasks are set by companies and usually they align with your profession or skill set. For example, during the sign up process selecting your profession as ‘designer’ will be more likely to give you tasks related to design. Completing each task will earn you BTC.

Earn.com 声称是第一个基于代币的社交平台。就像大多数的社交平台，你获得推送，然而，在加密货币app你获得的不是文化因子和搞笑猫视频，而是一项任务，这些任务是一些公司提供的，并且与你的专业和技能相匹配。例如，当你注册时选择设计作为专业，那么平台更可能给你的任务与设计有关。完成每项任务都可以获得比特币奖励。

Typically tasks reward you up to $1 (in BTC) after completing them, while some pay higher. Sometimes, a task can be as simple as following a twitter page or posting to a Facebook group.
Vanywhere IOS App
Vanywhere

通常一项任务完成后奖励你最高1美元的比特币，一些任务会更高。有时，一项任务会是简单关注一个推特或者加入一个facebook群。

Vanywhere’s mission is to give you access to the world’s largest collection of skills. People on their platform are called ‘Skillers’, they’re paid by the minute to share their — you guessed it — skills.

Vanywhere的使命是让你访问世界上最大的技能分享平台，平台上的人被叫做Skillers，Skillers通过分享他们的技能获取收益（按照分钟计算报酬）。

Skillers can offer whatever they want on the platform. You can give design recommendations, tips on cooking, or crypto and blockchain advice. It really is limited to your imagination. All you need to do is offer a skill that other people would be interested in speaking to you about! There’s a quick example video here.

Skillers可以在平台上提供任何服务，比如给予设计推荐，烹饪指点或者加密货币区块链情报。唯一能限制你的是你的想象。你需要做的事情就是提供其他人感兴趣的技能，这里有一个入门视频：

[https://goo.gl/D4Kmfg](https://goo.gl/D4Kmfg)

Skillers respond via either video, voice or direct messaging. When you become a Skiller, you get to choose what price point you’d like to set your time at. People will usually ask for anywhere between $1 — $10, but there’s actually no cap on the amount you can charge.

Skillers通过视频语音或者文字消息作答。当你变成一个Skillers，你需要选择你的时间价格点数，人们通常要价1-10美元每分钟，但实际上并没有上限。

Crypto offers so many opportunities to make money. But instead of making money, how about a a way you can save money?
Brave Browser IOS App
Brave Browser

加密货币提供了如此多赚钱的机会，但是除了赚钱，有没有省钱的机会呢？

Developed by Brendan Eich — the co-founder of the Mozilla project and founder of Javascript. Brave is showing great potential, while also seeing its user base grow at a meteoric rate.

由Brendan Eich（Mozilla项目的联合创始人，javascript的创始人）开发的Brave浏览器就很有潜力，并且它的用户也在急速增长。

Brave claims to save users $23 a month in internet data fees.

Brave protects your data by blocking all the ads and trackers that usually clog up your phone. It’s still able to function as well as any other browser while boasting faster load speeds.

Brave声称能够节省用户每月23美元的流量费。Brave能够通过阻断广告与监听者以保护用户数据，并且使你的手机更流畅，并且能像其他浏览器一样快速。

All of the featured apps are available on the Google Play store and the Apple App store, check them out if you’re interested!
Conclusion

所有这些特色app都可以在谷歌和苹果应用商店下载，如果你感兴趣可以自己试一试。

Ultimately, when looking to earn money in crypto, the possibilities are endless. This article dug into some of the less commonly talked about opportunities.

Now it’s up to you to decide if you want to get involved. Have a favorite proof of stake coin or a decentralized application that makes you money? Share it in the comments!

最终，想要在加密货币市场赚钱，有无穷的可能性，这篇文章只是触及了两个不太流行的方式。现在，是否要参与进来，由你自己决定。如果有好的权益证明加密货币或者去中心化应用，欢迎在评论区分享。
